Santa Cruz states that User is the main town of the small island and only has
1000 900 inhabitants
the picturesque village is located directly on the flat north coast
around the village square is a group of rural buildings grouped together
two large basins serve as reservoirs and much in dry times
watering place
in three decades kilometers north of Santa Croce
the fishermen are often endless with the tedious lure of sardines
shining angel one busy
the catch is not always to the satisfaction of the fisherman often enough
money earned straight to life
the average per-capita income equivalent to 450 d marks is on Gashi
Oser lowest
in the southeast of the island lies a rare volcanic fino mow
the great Carl Djerassi
the interior of the overgrown crater is covered by a spiral staircase
To reach 184 steps
an oversized natural rock portal
Forming the entrance to the cave before creating a story
oku
no claims against the plan
in which he liberates
Down deep inside the caves
back to sea
escape from the sulfur-containing gases
at the opposite end of the island, the Jada cold impresses half
year
that's how the Azores have to look like 20 million years ago
have looked
storms
and the surf of the Atlantic have bizarrely shaped the reddish brown volcanic rock
the user offers the traveler
with their natural contrasts
much variety
just a pity that the island always stood in the shadow forgive Ross
the big merchant ships
were passed by her after request
or Ponta Delgada